Session 2Quote of the Day:::"Good-looking rats!" - Morrow CaineAfter deciding on a plan of action, the party had travelled to Nora Fen's home village of Carleton. They were ambushed by twig blights in the woods en-route, and discovered one of The Dorchester Adventurers' Guild Wagons Of Most - Basically All - Things (WOMBAT), a magical wagon that dispenses basic adventuring supplies. It had been hidden under a mysterious cloak owned by Pina von Haley Grummersnuff, QuestGiver of the Dorchester Adventurer's Guild (DAG).The party leapt into action upon arrival in Carleton to dispense with some problem rats in the storeroom at Big G's Tavern and Inn. Much to their dismay, it was not so much a giant rat-problem, but a giant-rat problem. With a little help from Elias Gaillubair, enterprising reporter for the Dorchester Trove, they managed to control the situation with no casualties.After the party was refreshed with luxurious baths provided by Gherdi's proffered accommodations, the party dispatched the remaining rats at Big G's. The vermin problems in Carleton that Nora first reported at the Spring GuildMeet had escalated significantly in the few days she has been gone to get help. Rats are running rampant, griffons are wrecking havoc on the docks, and at least one mysterious creature has been plaguing the locals' garbage boxes, ripping them apart in the dark of night.Investigating the town, the party has discovered that the local Temple of the Sun has been taken over by some unseen creature, such that the head cleric dare not even enter. Elias is on-site interviewing the head cleric, Gruff McMann, to bring attention to the growing crisis in Carleton.